Linux installer generation

Preseeding an Ubuntu distribution
CD.

Here we provide the code and procedures that were used to create the
installation CD. This procedure is not expected to change much or to
get used very often, so we haven't invested much in making it
easy. This README is pretty much all you get. Good luck, Jim.

1. You need a Linux VM to begin with. It needs host folder sharing
   enabled, with a share established that can reach the directory
   containing this README. It needs about a gigabyte of free
   space. Make a symlink ~/lx pointing to this directory from a user
   account on that VM.

2. You need the Ubuntu network installer, the ~30MB mini.iso image for
   Ubuntu 13.04. Find it, won't be hard. Put it in this directory
   (alongside this README).

3. From the user account on the VM type "~/lx/unpack-mini.sh" (without
   the quotes). It should find your mini.iso file and unpack it into
   ~/cdm, and unpack the contained initrd.gz into ~/rdm. Watch the
   output for errors and cope if you see any.

4. From the user account on the VM now type "~/lx/repack-mini.sh"
   (without the quotes). It should apply some changes to the unpacked
   directories and regenerate the CD image, placing the result in
   ~/fester-vm-installer.iso on the VM.

Presumably you're going through these steps because you need to change
what's installed during the initial VM imaging steps.
That implies you'll need to test and possibly redo
your changes, which with the network installer can be
time-consuming. Fear not, we can go through pretty much the same
process with the full Ubuntu 13.04 Server install disk instead,
substituting unpack.sh and repack.sh for the -mini versions mentioned
above. The resulting ISO still requires network access to operate, but
loads most packages from the (much larger) CD image. There's even
trim.py, a little program you can run between unpack.sh and repack.sh
(at least on a second or subsequent run) to trim the contents of this
full CD down to just those packages actually needed, cutting it from
about 700MiB to around 300MiB in size.

